#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aenum==3.1.15
    # via okta
aiodns==3.2.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp[speedups]==3.8.1
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   fideslog
    #   okta
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
apscheduler==3.9.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   scramp
    #   snowflake-connector-python
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
asyncpg==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
bcrypt==3.2.2
    # via
    #   fideslog
    #   paramiko
    #   passlib
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bitarray-hardbyte==2.3.8
    # via iab-tcf
boto3==1.26.1
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.29.165
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
brotli==1.1.0
    # via aiohttp
cachecontrol==0.14.0
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
cchardet==2.1.7
    # via aiohttp
celery[pytest]==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-celery
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   geomet
    #   rich-click
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloud-sql-python-connector==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via dask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==42.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-jose
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dask==2022.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.6
    # via pytest-celery
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
deepdiff==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via limits
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   pytest-celery
    #   pytest-docker-tools
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via python-jose
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
expandvars==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi[all]==0.111.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli==0.0.5
    # via fastapi
fastapi-pagination[sqlalchemy]==0.12.25
    # via -r requirements.in
fideslang==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fideslog==1.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
firebase-admin==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatdict==4.0.1
    # via okta
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via dask
geomet==0.2.1.post1
    # via scylla-driver
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.20.0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-api-python-client==2.147.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-bigquery==3.25.0
    # via sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.18.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.66.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
hvac==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
iab-tcf==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
immutables==0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   limits
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.4.2
    # via celery
limits==3.13.0
    # via slowapi
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
loguru==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multidimensional-urlencode==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy==1.11.2
    # via sqlalchemy-stubs
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
networkx==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nh3==0.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
okta==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.7
    # via fastapi
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   fideslang
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   limits
    #   pytest
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlakeyset
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
pandas==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sshtunnel
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pg8000==1.31.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via snowflake-connector-python
plotly==5.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via pytest-celery
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycares==4.4.0
    # via aiodns
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.20.0
    # via okta
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   fideslang
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.9.0
    # via fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pydash==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   okta
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pygtrie==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyinstrument==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   twilio
pymongo==4.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via httplib2
pytest==8.3.3
    # via pytest-docker-tools
pytest-celery==1.1.3
    # via celery
pytest-docker-tools==3.1.3
    # via pytest-celery
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
    #   pg8000
    #   sqlakeyset
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-http-client==3.3.7
    # via sendgrid
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   okta
python-multipart==0.0.10
    # via fastapi
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   celery
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   twilio
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   fastapi
    #   fideslang
    #   okta
    #   scylla-driver
    #   uvicorn
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   cloud-sql-python-connector
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hvac
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   twilio
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rich==13.8.1
    # via
    #   rich-click
    #   typer
rich-click==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
scramp==1.4.5
    # via pg8000
scylla-driver==3.26.8
    # via -r requirements.in
sendgrid==6.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   ecdsa
    #   geomet
    #   hvac
    #   python-dateutil
    #   scylla-driver
slowapi==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
snowflake-connector-python==3.12.2
    # via snowflake-sqlalchemy
snowflake-sqlalchemy==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlakeyset==2.0.1726021475
    # via fastapi-pagination
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==1.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlakeyset
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-citext
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-bigquery==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-citext==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-redshift==0.8.11
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-stubs==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sshtunnel==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
starkbank-ecdsa==2.2.0
    # via sendgrid
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   pytest-celery
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
twilio==7.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.12.5
    # via fastapi-cli
types-requests==2.27.11
    # via fideslog
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   limits
    #   multidict
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlakeyset
    #   sqlalchemy-stubs
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.2
    # via kombu
tzlocal==5.2
    # via apscheduler
ujson==5.10.0
    # via fastapi
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.30.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
validators==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fideslog
versioneer==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fideslog
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchfiles==0.24.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via tinycss2
websockets==13.1
    # via uvicorn
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via okta
yarl==1.12.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   okta

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
