clients/fides-js/docs/interfaces/FidesEvent.md, before:

# Interface: FidesEvent

FidesJS dispatches a variety of lifecyle events to the global `window`,
making it easy to subscribe to an event stream to keep your application
updated in real-time. Each of these events extends the standard
[CustomEvent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent)
interface and include a [detail](FidesEvent.md#detail) object with various properties that
can be used for inspecting current consent preferences, generating analytics,
etc.

## Example

```ts
window.addEventListener("FidesUpdated", (evt) => {
  console.log("Received 'FidesUpdated' event! Current consent preferences: ", evt.detail.consent);
});
```

See the list below for information on what events are dispatched (and when!)
and the [detail](FidesEvent.md#detail) reference for the available properties.

For more information on working with these kind of `CustomEvent` objects in
the browser, see the MDN docs:
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent)

### List of FidesEvent Types

- `FidesInitializing`: Dispatched when initialization begins, which happens
immediately once the FidesJS script is loaded. If `Fides.init()` is called
multiple times, this event will also be dispatched each time.

- `FidesInitialized`: Dispatched when initialization is complete and the
current user's consent preferences - either previously saved or applicable
defaults - have been set on the `Fides` global object.

- `FidesUpdating`: Dispatched when a user action (e.g. accepting all, saving
changes, applying GPC) has started updating the user's consent preferences.
This event is dispatched immediately once the changes are made, but before
they are saved to the `Fides` object, `fides_consent` cookie on the user's
device, and the Fides API. To wait until the changes are fully
applied, use the `FidesUpdated` event instead.

- `FidesUpdated`: Dispatched when a user action (e.g. accepting all, saving
changes, applying GPC) has finished updating the user's consent preferences.
This event is dispatched once the changes are fully saved to the `Fides`
object, `fides_consent` cookie on the user's device, and the Fides API. To
receive an event that fires before these changes are saved, use the
`FidesUpdating` event instead.

- `FidesUIShown`: Dispatched whenever a FidesJS UI component is rendered and
shown to the current user (banner, modal, etc.). The specific component shown
can be obtained from the `detail.extraDetails.servingComponent` property on
the event.

- `FidesUIChanged`: Dispatched whenever the current user changes their
preferences in the FidesJS UI but has yet to *save* those changes (i.e.
"dirty").

- `FidesModalClosed`: Dispatched whenever the FidesJS modal is closed.

## Extends

- `CustomEvent`

## Properties

### detail

> **detail**: `object`

Event properties passed by FidesJS when dispatched. Depending on the event type, some properties may or may not be set, so most of these are marked as optional.

#### Example

```ts
window.addEventListener("FidesUpdated", (evt) => {
  if (evt.detail.extraDetails?.consentMethod === "accept") {
    console.log("Current user clicked the 'Accept' button!");
  }
});
```

#### consent

> **consent**: `Record`\<`string`, `boolean`\>

User's current consent preferences; see [Fides.consent](Fides.md#consent) for detail.

#### fides\_string?

> `optional` **fides\_string**: `string`

User's current consent string; see [Fides.fides_string](Fides.md#fides_string) for detail.

#### extraDetails?

> `optional` **extraDetails**: `object`

Extra event properties, for additional context.

#### extraDetails.servingComponent?

> `optional` **servingComponent**: `"banner"` \| `"modal"` \| `"tcf_banner"` \| `"tcf_overlay"`

Which FidesJS UI component (if any) caused this event.

#### extraDetails.shouldShowExperience?

> `optional` **shouldShowExperience**: `boolean`

Whether the user should be shown the consent experience. Only available on FidesInitialized events.

#### extraDetails.consentMethod?

> `optional` **consentMethod**: `"accept"` \| `"reject"` \| `"save"` \| `"dismiss"` \| `"gpc"`

What consent method (if any) caused this event.

#### Overrides

`CustomEvent.detail`

Commit message:

Support Headless experience in CMP (#5751)
Co-authored-by: Lucano Vera <lucanovera@live.com.ar>

clients/fides-js/docs/interfaces/FidesEvent.md, after:

# Interface: FidesEvent

FidesJS dispatches a variety of lifecyle events to the global `window`,
making it easy to subscribe to an event stream to keep your application
updated in real-time. Each of these events extends the standard
[CustomEvent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent)
interface and include a [detail](FidesEvent.md#detail) object with various properties that
can be used for inspecting current consent preferences, generating analytics,
etc.

## Example

```ts
window.addEventListener("FidesUpdated", (evt) => {
  console.log("Received 'FidesUpdated' event! Current consent preferences: ", evt.detail.consent);
});
```

See the list below for information on what events are dispatched (and when!)
and the [detail](FidesEvent.md#detail) reference for the available properties.

For more information on working with these kind of `CustomEvent` objects in
the browser, see the MDN docs:
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent)

### List of FidesEvent Types

- `FidesInitializing`: Dispatched when initialization begins, which happens
immediately once the FidesJS script is loaded. If `Fides.init()` is called
multiple times, this event will also be dispatched each time.

- `FidesInitialized`: Dispatched when initialization is complete and the
current user's consent preferences - either previously saved or applicable
defaults - have been set on the `Fides` global object.

- `FidesUpdating`: Dispatched when a user action (e.g. accepting all, saving
changes, applying GPC) has started updating the user's consent preferences.
This event is dispatched immediately once the changes are made, but before
they are saved to the `Fides` object, `fides_consent` cookie on the user's
device, and the Fides API. To wait until the changes are fully
applied, use the `FidesUpdated` event instead.

- `FidesUpdated`: Dispatched when a user action (e.g. accepting all, saving
changes, applying GPC) has finished updating the user's consent preferences.
This event is dispatched once the changes are fully saved to the `Fides`
object, `fides_consent` cookie on the user's device, and the Fides API. To
receive an event that fires before these changes are saved, use the
`FidesUpdating` event instead.

- `FidesUIShown`: Dispatched whenever a FidesJS UI component is rendered and
shown to the current user (banner, modal, etc.). The specific component shown
can be obtained from the `detail.extraDetails.servingComponent` property on
the event.

- `FidesUIChanged`: Dispatched whenever the current user changes their
preferences in the FidesJS UI but has yet to *save* those changes (i.e.
"dirty").

- `FidesModalClosed`: Dispatched whenever the FidesJS modal is closed.

**Note**: The events `FidesUIShown`, `FidesUIChanged`, and `FidesModalClosed` are not available in a Headless experience, as they are specific to the FidesJS UI components.

## Extends

- `CustomEvent`

## Properties

### detail

> **detail**: `object`

Event properties passed by FidesJS when dispatched. Depending on the event type, some properties may or may not be set, so most of these are marked as optional.

#### Example

```ts
window.addEventListener("FidesUpdated", (evt) => {
  if (evt.detail.extraDetails?.consentMethod === "accept") {
    console.log("Current user clicked the 'Accept' button!");
  }
});
```

#### consent

> **consent**: `Record`\<`string`, `boolean`\>

User's current consent preferences; see [Fides.consent](Fides.md#consent) for detail.

#### fides\_string?

> `optional` **fides\_string**: `string`

User's current consent string; see [Fides.fides_string](Fides.md#fides_string) for detail.

#### extraDetails?

> `optional` **extraDetails**: `object`

Extra event properties, for additional context.

#### extraDetails.servingComponent?

> `optional` **servingComponent**: `"banner"` \| `"modal"` \| `"tcf_banner"` \| `"tcf_overlay"`

Which FidesJS UI component (if any) caused this event.

#### extraDetails.shouldShowExperience?

> `optional` **shouldShowExperience**: `boolean`

Whether the user should be shown the consent experience. Only available on FidesInitialized events.

#### extraDetails.consentMethod?

> `optional` **consentMethod**: `"accept"` \| `"reject"` \| `"save"` \| `"dismiss"` \| `"gpc"`

What consent method (if any) caused this event.

#### Overrides

`CustomEvent.detail`
