clients/fides-js/docs/interfaces/FidesOptions.md, before:

# Interface: FidesOptions

FidesJS supports a variety of custom options to modify it's behavior or
enable more advanced usage. For example, the `fides_locale` option can be
provided to override the browser locale. See the properties list below for
the supported options and example usage for each.

Any of the FidesJS options can be provided in one of three ways:

1. **Query Params** (e.g. `example.com?fides_locale=es`): typically used only for testing
2. **Window Object** (e.g. `window.fides_overrides = { fides_locale: "es" }`): typically used to configure FidesJS via an inline `<script>` tag on
the page for customization
3. **Cookie Values** (e.g. `document.cookie="fides_locale=fr-CA"`): typically used
to pass page-specific options from your server to the browser, or from a
native app -> webview, etc.

If the same option is provided in multiple ways, they are evaluated in that
order of precedence:
1. Query Params (top priority)
2. Window Object (second priority)
3. Cookie Values (last priority)

## Example

```html
<head>
  <script>
    // Configure FidesJS options using the window.fides_overrides object
    window.fides_overrides = {
      fides_disable_banner: true,
      fides_embed: true,
      fides_locale: "es",
    };
  </script>
  <script src="path/to/fides.js"></script>
</head>
```

## Properties

### fides\_clear\_cookie

> **fides\_clear\_cookie**: `boolean`

When `true`, deletes the `fides_consent` cookie when FidesJS is
initialized, to clear any previously saved consent preferences from the
user's device.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_disable\_banner

> **fides\_disable\_banner**: `boolean`

When `true`, disable the FidesJS banner from being shown.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_disable\_save\_api

> **fides\_disable\_save\_api**: `boolean`

When `true`, disable FidesJS from saving user consent preferences to the Fides API.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_disable\_notices\_served\_api

> **fides\_disable\_notices\_served\_api**: `boolean`

When `true`, only disable FidesJS from saving notices served to the Fides API.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_embed

> **fides\_embed**: `boolean`

When `true`, require FidesJS to "embed" it's UI into a specific `<div>` on
the page, instead of as an overlay over the `<body>` itself. This is useful
for creating a dedicated page to manage consent preferences on your site.
Both the consent modal and the banner will be embedded into the container.
To only embed the consent modal, set `fides_disable_banner` to `true`.

To use the `fides_embed` option, ensure that a DOM element with
`id="fides-embed-container"` exists on the page, which FidesJS will then
use as the parent element to render within.

NOTE: If you're using a JavaScript framework (e.g. React), ensure that you
do not re-render the parent `<div>` element, as this could remove the
FidesJS UI fully from the page!

Defaults to `false`.

#### Example

```html
<head>
  <script>
    // Configure FidesJS to embed into the page
    window.fides_overrides = {
      fides_embed: true,
    };
  </script>
  <script src="path/to/fides.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <div id="fides-embed-container">
    <!-- FidesJS will render it's UI here! -->
  </div>
</body>
```

***

### fides\_locale

> **fides\_locale**: `string`

Override the browser's preferred locale (`navigator.language`) when
selecting the best translations for the FidesJS UI.

Must be set to a `string` that is a valid language code (e.g. `"en-US"`,
`"fr"`, `"zh-CN"`). See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/language

Defaults to `undefined`.

***

### fides\_string

> **fides\_string**: `string`

Override the current user's `fides_string` consent preferences (see [Fides.fides_string](Fides.md#fides_string)). Can be used to synchronize consent preferences for a
registered user from a custom backend, where the `fides_string` could be
provided by the server across multiple devices, etc.
selecting the best translations for the FidesJS UI.

Defaults to `undefined`.

***

### fides\_tcf\_gdpr\_applies

> **fides\_tcf\_gdpr\_applies**: `boolean`

Override the value for `gdprApplies` set in the IAB TCF CMP API.  FidesJS
will always default this value to `true` (since the TCF experience will
typically only be enabled in locations where GDPR applies), but this can be
overriden at the page-level as needed. Only applicable to a TCF experience.

For more details, see the [TCF CMP API technical specification](https://github.com/InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework/blob/master/TCFv2/IAB%20Tech%20Lab%20-%20CMP%20API%20v2.md#what-does-the-gdprapplies-value-mean)  *

Defaults to `true`.

***

### fides\_reject\_all

> **fides\_reject\_all**: `boolean`

When `true`, FidesJS will automatically opt out of all consent and
only show the consent modal upon user request. This is useful for any
scenario where the user has previously provided consent in a different
context (e.g. a native app, another website, etc.) and you want to ensure
that those preferences are respected.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_accept\_all

> **fides\_accept\_all**: `boolean`

Similar to `fides_reject_all`, when `true`, FidesJS will automatically opt
in to all consent and only show the consent modal upon user request. These 2
options are mutually exclusive, and `fides_accept_all` will take precedence
if both are set to `true`.

Defaults to `false`.

Commit message:

rename and consolidate the option

clients/fides-js/docs/interfaces/FidesOptions.md, after:

# Interface: FidesOptions

FidesJS supports a variety of custom options to modify it's behavior or
enable more advanced usage. For example, the `fides_locale` option can be
provided to override the browser locale. See the properties list below for
the supported options and example usage for each.

Any of the FidesJS options can be provided in one of three ways:

1. **Query Params** (e.g. `example.com?fides_locale=es`): typically used only for testing
2. **Window Object** (e.g. `window.fides_overrides = { fides_locale: "es" }`): typically used to configure FidesJS via an inline `<script>` tag on
the page for customization
3. **Cookie Values** (e.g. `document.cookie="fides_locale=fr-CA"`): typically used
to pass page-specific options from your server to the browser, or from a
native app -> webview, etc.

If the same option is provided in multiple ways, they are evaluated in that
order of precedence:
1. Query Params (top priority)
2. Window Object (second priority)
3. Cookie Values (last priority)

## Example

```html
<head>
  <script>
    // Configure FidesJS options using the window.fides_overrides object
    window.fides_overrides = {
      fides_disable_banner: true,
      fides_embed: true,
      fides_locale: "es",
    };
  </script>
  <script src="path/to/fides.js"></script>
</head>
```

## Properties

### fides\_clear\_cookie

> **fides\_clear\_cookie**: `boolean`

When `true`, deletes the `fides_consent` cookie when FidesJS is
initialized, to clear any previously saved consent preferences from the
user's device.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_disable\_banner

> **fides\_disable\_banner**: `boolean`

When `true`, disable the FidesJS banner from being shown.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_disable\_save\_api

> **fides\_disable\_save\_api**: `boolean`

When `true`, disable FidesJS from saving user consent preferences to the Fides API.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_disable\_notices\_served\_api

> **fides\_disable\_notices\_served\_api**: `boolean`

When `true`, only disable FidesJS from saving notices served to the Fides API.

Defaults to `false`.

***

### fides\_embed

> **fides\_embed**: `boolean`

When `true`, require FidesJS to "embed" it's UI into a specific `<div>` on
the page, instead of as an overlay over the `<body>` itself. This is useful
for creating a dedicated page to manage consent preferences on your site.
Both the consent modal and the banner will be embedded into the container.
To only embed the consent modal, set `fides_disable_banner` to `true`.

To use the `fides_embed` option, ensure that a DOM element with
`id="fides-embed-container"` exists on the page, which FidesJS will then
use as the parent element to render within.

NOTE: If you're using a JavaScript framework (e.g. React), ensure that you
do not re-render the parent `<div>` element, as this could remove the
FidesJS UI fully from the page!

Defaults to `false`.

#### Example

```html
<head>
  <script>
    // Configure FidesJS to embed into the page
    window.fides_overrides = {
      fides_embed: true,
    };
  </script>
  <script src="path/to/fides.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <div id="fides-embed-container">
    <!-- FidesJS will render it's UI here! -->
  </div>
</body>
```

***

### fides\_locale

> **fides\_locale**: `string`

Override the browser's preferred locale (`navigator.language`) when
selecting the best translations for the FidesJS UI.

Must be set to a `string` that is a valid language code (e.g. `"en-US"`,
`"fr"`, `"zh-CN"`). See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/language

Defaults to `undefined`.

***

### fides\_string

> **fides\_string**: `string`

Override the current user's `fides_string` consent preferences (see [Fides.fides_string](Fides.md#fides_string)). Can be used to synchronize consent preferences for a
registered user from a custom backend, where the `fides_string` could be
provided by the server across multiple devices, etc.
selecting the best translations for the FidesJS UI.

Defaults to `undefined`.

***

### fides\_tcf\_gdpr\_applies

> **fides\_tcf\_gdpr\_applies**: `boolean`

Override the value for `gdprApplies` set in the IAB TCF CMP API.  FidesJS
will always default this value to `true` (since the TCF experience will
typically only be enabled in locations where GDPR applies), but this can be
overriden at the page-level as needed. Only applicable to a TCF experience.

For more details, see the [TCF CMP API technical specification](https://github.com/InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework/blob/master/TCFv2/IAB%20Tech%20Lab%20-%20CMP%20API%20v2.md#what-does-the-gdprapplies-value-mean)  *

Defaults to `true`.

***

### fides\_known\_preference

> **fides\_known\_preference**: `"accept"` \| `"reject"`

FidesJS will automatically opt in or out of all notices with this option and
only show the consent modal upon user request. This is useful for any
scenario where the user has previously provided consent in a different
context (e.g. a native app, another website, etc.) and you want to ensure
that those preferences are respected.

Defaults to `undefined`.
