# Documentation

---

Documentation is incredibly important to Fides, both for explaining its concepts to general audiences and describing its usage to developers.

## Concepts

Fides includes a great deal of "concept" documentation, which covers features, tutorials, guides, and examples separately from the auto-generated API reference. This page is part of the concept documentation for development!

To write concept docs, add Markdown files to the `docs/fides/docs/` directory (or one of its subdirectories). To ensure that your page is displayed in the navigation, edit `mkdocs.yml` to include a reference to it.

## Semantics

### Capitalization

Concepts that refer to proper nouns or are trademarked should always be capitalized, including "Fides" and "FidesAPI".

Other Fides terms, like "data-category" or "system", should generally not be capitalized unless they refer to a specific Python model. For example:

> When a system is applied, it is either created or updated through the FidesAPI.
>
> The `System` model requires a field called `fidesKey`.

## Previewing docs locally

Documentation (including both concepts and API references) is built and deployed with every merge to Fides's master branch.

To launch a documentation preview:

```bash
make docs-serve
```

You'll see a status update as the docs build, and then an announcement that they are available on `http://localhost:8080`.

_Note: Concept docs will hot-reload every time you save a file, but API reference docs must be regenerated by restarting the server._
